changelog: Assemble changes for 21.0 release (#3795)
oasisprotocol/oasis-core: CHANGELOG.md

  least attempts to be secure.

  For more details, see [ADR 0007].

  [ADR 0007]: docs/adr/0007-improved-random-beacon.md

- go: Use human readable identifiers for slashing reasons
  ([#3276](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3276),
   [#3646](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3646))

  When serialized into JSON the slashing reason identifiers are now human
  readable (e.g. `consensus-equivocation` instead of `0`).

  Old:

  ```json
  "slashing": {
      "0": {
          "amount": "100",
          "freeze_interval": 1
      }
  }
  ```

  New:

  ```json
  "slashing": {
      "consensus-equivocation": {
          "amount": "100",
          "freeze_interval": 1
      }
  }
  ```

- go: Improve error message when delegating less than `MinDelegationAmount`
  ([#3308](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3308))

  Previously, an `ErrInvalidArgument` was returned in this case, which
  is not very descriptive, so a separate error was created:
  `ErrUnderMinDelegationAmount`.

- go/worker/p2p: Include chain ID and remove patch version from topic IDs
  ([#3311](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3311))

>   This is a breaking `RuntimeCommitteeProtocol` change.

Reviewer: I would remove this line (since the category is already breaking)

- go/common/version: Add `ConvertGoModulesVersion()` function
  ([#3546](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3546))

  It can be used to convert a Go Modules compatible version defined in
  [ADR 0002] (i.e. a Go Modules compatible Git tag without the `go/` prefix) to
  the canonical Oasis Core version.

  [ADR 0002]: docs/adr/0002-go-modules-compatible-git-tags.md

- go/oasis-node/cmd: Add `oasis-node stake account nonce` CLI command
  ([#3559](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3559))

  It can be used to get a staking account's current nonce.

- go/scheduler: Add `ConsensusParameters` method to scheduler backend
  ([#3565](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3565))

- go/epochtime: Add `ConsensusParameters` method to epochtime backend
  ([#3565](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3565))

- go/consensus: Add `EpochtimeConsensusParameters` to the consensus backend
  ([#3565](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3565))

  This is temporary since we currently do not provide an epochtime
  gRPC service. The `ConsensusParameters` method on the new beacon backend
  can replace this method.

> 

Reviewer 2: We can remove this.

  The runtime executor now proposes a new batch if there are message results
  from previous round even if there are no transactions.

- go/runtime/client: Perform local `CheckTx` when a hosted runtime exists
  ([#3653](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3653))

- runtime: Add support for runtime-specific queries
  ([#3662](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3662))

  Runtimes can now implement a handler for `RuntimeQueryRequest` messages to
  expose arbitrary queries to runtime clients. Query routing is performed using
  method names.

- go/runtime/client: Also expose `CheckTx`
  ([#3662](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3662))

  The `CheckTx` functionality is now also exposed via the runtime client API.

- go/worker/storage: Add `StorageRPC` role and change access policy
  ([#3696](https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-core/issues/3696))

  Getting checkpoints and diffs is now allowed for any connecting node,
  which eliminates a race condition and initialization difficulty in the
  storage committee node startup.

  State access is made gated but optionally public as before, depending on

>   command line parameters.

Reviewer 2: We should maybe publish what parameter can be used to enable this?

Author: Yes, can you provide the details to put here?

Reviewer 2: Yes maybe like this:
```suggestion
  State access is made gated but optionally public as before, depending on
  the value of the `worker.storage.public_rpc.enabled` configuration option.
```
